[ML] Add error counts to trained model stats (#82705)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/ml/trained-models/apis/get-trained-models-stats.asciidoc

(integer)
The current number of nodes where the model is allocated.

`error_count`:::
(integer)
The total number of errors when evaluating the trained model
for all nodes in the deployment.

`rejected_execution_count`:::
(integer)

> The total number of inference requests that were not processed because

Reviewer: > The total number .. queue was full for all nodes

This sentence gives me pause because it makes me wonder whether it's the "total number of requests for all nodes" or "the queue was full on all nodes".  If it's the former, perhaps it's clearer if we split the sentence in two?: 

> The number of inference requests that were not processed because the queue was full. It is the total value for all nodes in the deployment.

Author: This figure is the deployment level sum of the `rejected_execution_count` for each node in the deployment. Further down each node has timeout, rejected execution and error counts, this value is the high level total.

I've had another go in   https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/pull/82705/commits/eb2ed6d65b02e24117174e809c6bf5e5f45a55cb

(double)
The average time for each inference call to complete on this node.

`error_count`:::
(integer)
The number of errors when evaluating the trained model.

`inference_count`:::
(integer)
The total number of inference calls made against this node for this model.

`inference_threads`:::
(integer)
The number of threads used by the inference process.

> This figure may be lower than top level value if there is not sufficient

Reviewer: > lower than top level value... to satisfy the configured value

It is a bit unclear where you'd find the "top level"/ "configured" value. Is that the value defined in the "inference_threads" option of the start trained model deployment API (for NLP models)? Where is it configured for non-NLP models?

Author: `inference_threads` is not a configuration option for non-NLP models, what we see here is inside the `deployment_stats` object which is only returned for NLP models. 

The "top level" value is the one set when [starting](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/8.0/start-trained-model-deployment.html#start-trained-model-deployment-query-params) a deployment. Individual nodes are requested to use this many threads but if the hardware does not support that many threads the node will use a lower value which is reported back here. So the "top level" is the number the deployment was started with and the value here is the node's best effort to reach that number. Often they will be the same.

I've had another go at explaining it

Reviewer: Thanks!  I've added a few more suggestions. Hope they're useful!

> hardware threads to.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
hardware threads to satisfy the configured value.
```

`last_access`:::
(long)
The epoch time stamp of the last inference call for the model on this node.

`model_threads`:::
(integer)
The number of threads used when sending inference requests to the model.
This figure may be lower than top level value if there is not sufficient

> hardware threads to.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
hardware threads to satisfy the configured value.
```

> This figure may be lower than top level value if there is not sufficient

Reviewer: >  top level value if there is not sufficient ... configured value

Ditto re if this is the "model_threads" option on the start deployment API, can we state that explicitly?

(double)
The average time for each inference call to complete on this node.

`error_count`:::
(integer)
The number of errors when evaluating the trained model.

`inference_count`:::
(integer)
The total number of inference calls made against this node for this model.

`inference_threads`:::
(integer)
The number of threads used by the inference process.

> This number may be lower than the value of the `inference_threads` setting

Reviewer: Trying to make this sentence a bit shorter:

```suggestion
This value is limited by the number of hardware threads on the node; 
```

> in the <<start-trained-model-deployment>> API if the requested value

Reviewer: part 2:
```suggestion
it might therefore differ from the `inference_threads` value in the <<start-trained-model-deployment>> API.
```

> is greater than the number of hardware threads on the machine.

Reviewer: If you agree with the previous two changes, this phrase is obsolete:
```suggestion

```

`last_access`:::
(long)
The epoch time stamp of the last inference call for the model on this node.

`model_threads`:::
(integer)
The number of threads used when sending inference requests to the model.

> This number may be lower than the value of the `model_threads` setting

Reviewer: Likewise, to shorten this sentence:
```suggestion
This value is limited by the number of hardware threads on the node; 
```

> in the <<start-trained-model-deployment>> API if the requested value

Reviewer: part 2:
```suggestion
it might therefore differ from the `model_threads` value in the <<start-trained-model-deployment>> API.
```

> is greater than the number of hardware threads on the machine.

Reviewer: Removing the last phrase:
```suggestion
```

--

`start_time`:::

> (integer)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
(long)
```
epoch millis are always long values

Author: thanks that was an accident
